Well, it seems that God is right
I've really become a mortal
What happened to your gun forest?
After Shangshen and Ying Long left that day
Although the dragon ball purifies my body of toxins
Pity all my cultivation bases are purified together
If I want to heal you
I'm afraid we have to use the most primitive method
Who asked you to heal me?
If I open the girl's meridians with a golden needle
Then you connect the meridians yourself
I'm afraid it will get better faster
Golden Needle Point
You want to take off my clothes?
Undress and I'll kill you
Girl misunderstands
It's not out of place.
I'm just trying to save you.
Don't hate people
Forget it, you can figure it out for yourself.
Don't go
Men and women do not receive and receive
Girl, please respect yourself.
Self-respect, we demons don't have this word
Do you want it or not?
Really of course
Come on, no peeking